[Dependent] Fix related image display in gt jobs (#9162)
cvat-ai/cvat: changelog.d/20250303_114253_mzhiltso_fix_related_image_display_in_gt_jobs.md

### Fixed

> - Incorrect display of related images in simple GT jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Related images in a simple GT jobs are displayed incorrectly
```

> -  Related images in a simple GT jobs are displayed incorrectly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Related images in a simple GT jobs are displayed incorrectly
```
